
Xi'an University of Architecture and Technology international Exchange Association (Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Liaison Association)

The International Exchange Association is a student group organized and participated by our students who care about the world and want to study abroad. In order to provide a platform for students to exchange and improve their understanding of international affairs, the association actively share and learn from overseas universities, improve their own scientific literacy, cultivate students' hobbies, and improve themselves through sharing and communication.

International exchange association aims to build a bridge between international students and to help international students to maintain and expand foreign exchange platform, real-time focus on international exchange of all kinds of competitions, conferences, public class, summer camp, student exchange, and other types of academic activities, one of the valuable information on to promotion, in school organization students international exchange events, Cooperate with the school to do a good job in international exchange.

In the past year, we have gone through the baptism of time and the International Exchange Association of Xi'an University of Architecture and Technology has experienced another growth. In the west kenda international and Hong Kong and Macao Taiwan kind we have completed the west kenda international under the guidance and care in study abroad programs campaign, association recruiting campaign, offline "dry" full study project publicity, two wonderful English corner, near December when you clock in English activities, and the two Taiwan students interview, participate in the spring garden party, etc. The Association has always been committed to enabling more local students to experience more diverse cultures, and helping those students who want to go abroad for exchange or study to realize their dreams. We also actively unite students from both sides of the Taiwan Straits to further promote the exchange of academic knowledge and cultural customs between compatriots from both sides of the Taiwan Straits. In terms of international students; We actively interact with them to help them better adapt to their study and life in Xi'an University of Architecture and Technology.

We have also found our shortcomings in the process of growth, such as the single form of activities, the enthusiasm of participants is not fully mobilized and so on. We have also carried out positive reflection in this summer vacation, and in the next academic year, we will learn valuable opinions from it and carry out the work of this semester with vigorous passion!

In view of the rules of our election, the International Exchange Association has elected a new successor in June 2021.6, terrible future! I hope they will continue their efforts in the New Year, actively serve the students and bring an international atmosphere!

To sum up: from September 2020.9 to September 2021.9, our association has made great contributions in promoting the internationalization process of our school and creating an international atmosphere among students. In the future, we will continue to work hard and forge ahead.

Establish communication channels between students and the international office, activate the international exchange atmosphere on campus, and help students improve their global competence

Understand the general work plan of the club this semester and put forward corresponding improvement measures;

Help the association to implement activities such as experience sharing meeting, English corner and English word punching

Please help to complete some work in the analysis of student admission

Actively expand new media such as Tiktok

Actively try to hold joint activities with other associations to carry out more influential activities, such as building TED

